The Duck Hunter & the Farmer A guy from the city decides he wants to go duck hunting. He’s out for a several days before he even catches sight of a duck. Finally, he sees the perfect duck, takes aim, and fires. The duck falls, hits a barn, and goes into a farmer’s yard. The hunter climbs over the fence and goes into the farmer’s yard to get the duck. As soon as the hunter bends over to pick up the duck, this huge farmer comes out of the house. He takes one look at the hunter and and says, “What are you doing in my yard?” The hunter points at the duck and says, “I’ve come to get the duck. It’s my duck.” The farmer says, “That’s not your duck. This is my yard. That duck fell and hit my barn.” The hunter is not about to give up the duck. He says, “That’s not your duck. I shot the duck. I've been out hunting for a couple of days. Give me a break. You know, I’m from the city.” The farmer says, “You’re from the city? Well, you don’t understand about how property works in the country, do you? This is my property. It’s my duck. But, I’m a fair guy, so I’ll give you a chance to get the duck by settling our disagreement country style.” The hunter says, “Country style?” The farmer nods, a great big smile on his face, and says, “Yeah. Country style.” The hunter frowns and asks, “How do you settle it country style?” The farmer’s smile gets even wider, and he says, “I kick you in the groin. And then you kick me in the groin. And we take turns kicking each other in the groin. Whoever’s left standing keeps the duck.” The hunter does not like the sound of that, but he wants the duck. So he says, “Well, if that’s what I have to do.” The farmer nods and says, “I go first.” He hauls off and…WHACK. He kicks the hunter square in the groin. The hunter falls to the ground, clutching his groin and moaning in pain. After several minutes of rolling around in the dirt, the hunter manages to climb back up to his feet. He takes a deep breath and says, “Okay. I guess it’s my turn.” The farmer shrugs and says, “You can have the duck.”